
MessageBoard
It's a guild-wide message-board. That means it is a forum, like you know
from web-based discussion-sites. The difference is that this is a 100%
in-game WoW addon. It does not need a web-server, or a server-character
that is always logged in, or external software, or anything special.

It is no secret that it's often difficult to get guildies to log in to the
web-site to check messages. It's usually only the "hardcore" people that
bother on a regular basis.
This addon will help you. It requires no technical skills at all, beyond
the ability to use a simple forum. Just install and play.

NOTE: This is an alpha+ version. Please read the text on "version" at the
end.

Requirements
You need to:
- install the addon
- be a member of a guild
(easy, eh?)

Usage
- To open MessageBoard, press the minimap icon.
- Hover the mouse over the minimap icon for positioning-help.

Features
- Supports announcements, sticky topics and normal topics.
- Users can set an avatar.
- Administrators can be assigned by officer's note.
- The text-editor supports inserting item-links by dropping an item at the
cursor.
- The database size is regulated by automatic pruning, by means of
message-count.

Please note
It is easy to forget that you are not using a regular forum, but it's all
within the limits of the WoW game. This means that when you log in, you
must allow MessageBoard 2 to 3 minutes to update data. The time will vary
dependent on several factors. But the more messages, the slower it updates.
To not bore you with technicalities, suffice to say that it is because you
are not using a real web-server and slow systems must get a chance too.
The addons talk to eachother, so the more people in the guild that have the
addon, the better.

Administrators
An admin is needed to set MessageBoard options, like message-limit for
database pruning (auto-removal of old posts) and to set the main-page
Administrator Message. The admin can also edit and delete any post.
An admin is assigned by typing "#MB:A" (without quotes) in the officer's
note in the WoW guild-roster. He or she will also need access to read the
officer's note (in the WoW guild-roster rank settings) for the addon to be
able to read it. Write-permission is not needed.
